Five people killed in Washington State by a Middle Eastern immigrant. Many people died this weekend in Ohio from drug overdoses. N.C. riots!Readout of my meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu:
   Looking forward to my meeting with Benjamin Netanyahu in Trump Tower at 10:00 A.M.Bernie Sanders gave Hillary the Dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. That issue has only gotten bigger!Many on the team and staff of Bernie Sanders have been treated badly by the Hillary Clinton campaign - and they like Trump on trade, a lot!Thank you Roanoke, Virginia - this a MOVEMENT - join us today!
Sign up:  
   If dopey Mark Cuban of failed Benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row, perhaps I will put Gennifer Flowers right alongside of him!Will be back in Virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the Berglund Center in Roanoke. Join me! Tickets:…  "  Trump is headed for a win, says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes    The   endorsement was a wonderful surprise. I greatly appreciate his support! We will have a tremendous victory on November 8th.Today is the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!      Crooked Hillary's bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to Charlotte on Saturday to grandstand. Dem pols said no way, dumb!Join me in Roanoke, Virginia tomorrow at the Berglund Center- Coliseum ~ 6pm! Tickets available at:…  'How Trump Would Stimulate the U.S. Economy'
 Hillary Clinton just lost every Republican she ever had, including Never Trump, all farmers &amp; sm. biz, by saying she’ll tax estates at 65%.Tomorrow's the day! Knock on doors and make calls with us on National Day of Action!      Spoke with Governor   of North Carolina today. He is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances.This is more than a campaign- it is a movement.  
SIGN UP TODAY &amp; WE WILL WIN!  Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm!  
 Join me in Roanoke, Virginia on Saturday evening at 6pm!  
 Will be on   now.I will be interviewed from Cleveland, Ohio, on   - Tonight at 10:00 P.M. Enjoy!"        I love those beautiful gals." D + S = Two amazing women!.   Thank you!Great new polls! Thank you Nevada, North Carolina &amp; Ohio. Join the MOVEMENT today &amp; lets    Thank you Toledo, Ohio! It is so important for you to get out and VOTE on November 8, 2016! Lets MAKE AMERICA SAFE…  Hopefully the violence &amp; unrest in Charlotte will come to an immediate end. To those injured, get well soon. We need unity &amp; leadership.The situations in Tulsa and Charlotte are tragic. We must come together to make America safe again.It is a MOVEMENT - not a campaign. Leaving the past behind, changing our future. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAF…  Thank you Kenansville, North Carolina! Remember- on November 8th, that special interest gravy train is coming to a…  Thank you High Point, NC! I will fight for every neglected part of this nation &amp; I will fight to bring us together…  Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary - see you at the debate!Heading to North Carolina for two big rallies. Will be there soon. We will bring jobs back where they belong!Do people notice Hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like I have been doing from the beginning.Thank you Nevada!  
  
   Thank you Georgia!  
  
   Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years. Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at    Amazing rally in Florida - this is a MOVEMENT! Join us today at    Together, we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!      I will be interviewed on the   - tonight from Florida, now. Enjoy!Philly FOP Chief On Presidential Endorsement: Clinton ‘Blew The Police Off'  Hillary Clinton's weakness while she was Secretary of State, has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:  Once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country &amp; its people- how did he get thru system?Great job once again by law enforcement! We are proud of them and should embrace them - without them, we don't have a country!"          Refugees from Syria over 10k plus more coming. Lots young males, poorly vetted."       he's the ONLY candidate that will keep us safe!"Will be on   at 7:02 A.M.  Enjoy.Terrible attacks in NY, NJ and MN this weekend. Thinking of victims, their families and all Americans! We need to be strong!Under the leadership of Obama &amp; Clinton, Americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. Time to change the playbook!HAPPY BIRTHDAY - to the United States Air Force!!  I would like to express my warmest regards, best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in NYC.Never met but never liked dopey Robert Gates. Look at the mess the U.S. is in. Always speaks badly of his many bosses, including Obama.Heading to Colorado for a big rally. Massive crowd, great people! Will be there soon - the polls are looking good.My lawyers want to sue the failing   so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgustingThe failing   has gone nuts that Crooked Hillary is doing so badly. They are willing to say anything, has become a laughingstock rag!Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing   pretends she knows me well--wrong!Crazy Maureen Dowd, the wacky columnist for the failing   pretends she knows me well--wrong!Wacky   who hardly knows me, makes up things that I never said for her boring interviews and column. A neurotic dope!.  just doesn't get it, and that's why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. Boring anti-Trump panelists, mostly losers in life!I never met former Defense Secretary Robert Gates. He knows nothing about me. But look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster!Crooked Hillary wants to take your 2nd Amendment rights away. Will guns be taken from her heavily armed Secret Service detail? Maybe not!My thoughts and prayers go out to the   &amp;   police officers- in Philadelphia.  "Donald Trump’s birther event is the greatest trick he’s ever pulled"
 A very interesting take from    Just arrived in Texas - have been informed two   officers have been shot. My thoughts and prayers are with them.Just leaving Miami for Houston, Oklahoma and Colorado. Miami crowd was fantastic!Great parade in The Villages- I love you all. We will   Thank you for the incredible support-I will not forget!  I am truly honored and grateful for receiving SO much support from our American heroes...   I am now going to the brand new Trump International, Hotel D.C. for a major statement.Thank you for a great evening - Laconia, New Hampshire -- will be back soon!  
   "    hair gets the   treatment on        So true!"  Tonight:     a performance by Kiiara,and your funniest   tweets.  Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, AMERICA will become the WORLD'S great magnet for innovation &amp; job creation!  Will be joining   on   at 11:35pmE tonight. Enjoy!I will be interviewed by   on   tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!I will be interviewed by   on   tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!Full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the Economic Club of New York.      Thank you    Thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across America!     
   Thank you for having me! I enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. See you soon.    Will be on   at 7:00 A.M. Enjoy!"    you have my vote in Pennsylvania. Trump 2016" Thank you!I was never a fan of Colin Powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq = disaster. We can do much better!I will be interviewed on   tomorrow at 7am. Enjoy!Great poll out of Nevada- thank you! See you soon.    
   Great evening in Canton, Ohio-thank you! We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us: 
   Honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful   in Detroit last week - tune in at 9pmE. Enjoy!  Thank you Ohio! Just landed in Canton for a rally at the Civic Center. Join me at 7pm:    Thank you Florida- can't wait to see you Friday in Miami! Join me:
   Thank you    
Video:  Great poll Florida - thank you! 
     Thank you Ohio - see you tonight!  Russia took Crimea during the so-called Obama years. Who wouldn't know this and why does Obama get a free pass?Why isn't President Obama working instead of campaigning for Hillary Clinton?Thank you Rep.  
   Thank you Rep.  
   Thank you Rep.  
   Thank you  
   CHILD CARE REFORMS THAT WILL MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Transcript:  
        Thank you Clive, Iowa!
 Join us today! Together, we will 
 
   Heading to Iowa- join me today at noon!  
Tickets:    Join me in Clive, Iowa tomorrow at noon!    
Tickets:    "  Saw ur speech on Twitter. U give me hope and optimism. I feel as though I am in the room with u. I pray 4 ur/our success."Just got back from Asheville,  North Carolina, where we had a massive rally. The spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. Thank you!   Stopped by   to thank all of the tremendous men &amp; women for their hard work!  Will be on   at   Enjoy!I will be interviewed on   at 7:00 A.M. 
 The seriously failing   despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place, only writes dishonest hits!Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!Hillary Clinton just had her 47% moment. What a terrible thing she said about so many great Americans!While Hillary said horrible things about my supporters, and while many of her supporters will never vote for me, I still respect them all!Really sad that Republicans would allow themselves to be used in a Clinton ad. Lindsey Graham, Romney, Flake, Sass. SUPREME COURT, REMEMBER!Wow, Hillary Clinton was SO INSULTING to my supporters, millions of amazing, hard working people. I think it will cost her at the Polls!Will be in Missouri today with Melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman, Phyllis S!"  Just Watched   Obviously Tony is a Total Whack Job  Just returned from Pensacola, Florida, where the crowd was incredible.I havn't seen   in many years, he hardly knows me. Never liked his style. Super lib, Crooked H supporter. Irrelevant dope!Dummy writer   who wanted to do a second book with me for years (I said no), is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted!Thank you Florida - we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Join us:   
   Will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on   at 8:10pm from Pensacola, Florida.Thank you Ohio. Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
   Great honor to be endorsed by popular &amp; successful   of VA. A state that I very much want to win-THX Jim!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
     Henry McMaster, Lt. Governor of South Carolina who endorsed me, beat failed   announcer Bakari Sellers, so badly. Funny!Jeff Zucker failed   and he is now failing  .  is unwatchable. Their news on me is fiction. They
are a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the Clinton campaign.The documentary of me that   just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!The documentary of me that   just aired is a total waste of time. I don't even know many of the people who spoke about me. A joke!Final poll results from NBC on last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. Thank you!      It wasn't Matt Lauer that hurt Hillary last night. It was her very dumb answer about emails &amp; the veteran who said she should be in jail.More poll results from last nights Commander-in-Chief Forum. 
     Last nights results - in poll taken by NBC.      With Luis, Mexico and the United States would have made wonderful deals together - where both Mexico and the US would have benefitted.Mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who I know is highly respected by President Peña Nieto.Hillary Clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. She is totally confused. Unfit to serve as  Hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. She's being decimated by the media!"A rough night for Hillary Clinton"  ABC News.Wow, reviews are in - THANK YOU!COMING UP     on  Thank you to   for the nice reviews of last night.Thank you America - great   polls!  Thank you to our fantastic veterans. The reviews and polls from almost everyone of my Commander-in-Chief presentation were great. Nice!Thank you Peter - if elected, I will think big for our country &amp; never let the American people down!    Wow - thank you Pensacola, FL. See you Friday at 7pm -- join me!
      'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll'    
 'Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 19 points among military, veteran voters: poll'    
 "  to   for standing up to CNN's attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending     biasI will be interviewed on   tonight at 11pmE   Enjoy!Thank you North Carolina- get out &amp;   on 11/8/2016!
   Great meeting with military spouses in Virginia- joined by       &amp;    Thank you to all of our amazing military families, service members, and veterans.    Join me in Pensacola, Florida this Friday at 7pm!   
   Thank you!      Mainstream media never covered Hillary’s massive “hacking”
or coughing attack, yet it is   trending. What’s up?"  Message for undecided voters: Please wake up and vote DonaldTrump now! Trump/Pence very important save our America before too late!"Thank you!    As a tribute to the late, great Phyllis Schlafly, I hope everybody can go out and get her latest book, THE CONSERVATIVE CASE FOR TRUMP.China wouldn't provide a red carpet stairway from Air Force One and then Philippines President calls Obama "the son of a whore." Terrible!The truly great Phyllis Schlafly, who honored me with her strong endorsement for president, has passed away at 92. She was very special!Thank you Ohio!    Heading to Youngstown, Ohio now- some great polls.    Thank you American Legion Post 610- for hosting   &amp; I for a roundtable with labor leaders.         
Video:    Can you believe that the Chinese would not give Obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac!  President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!President Obama &amp; Putin fail to reach deal on Syria - so what else is new? Obama is not a natural deal maker. Only makes bad deals!"    I followed you because you are a patriot &amp; support   as do I.   by sticking together."  I'm at a biker rally in Perry, Kansas...and everyone is a   fan. Love it.""         Trump now leads her by 2 - get real, she will lose big""    We need to show Americans that Hillary will KILL our Country !! Vote for Trump !!""    It defies belief the Web of Lies Hillary is spinning! One excuse after another. Then it's this, then it's that.Lyin' Hillary Clinton told the FBI that she did not know the "C" markings on documents stood for CLASSIFIED. How can this be happening?To the African-American community: The Democrats have failed you for fifty years, high crime, poor schools, no jobs. I will fix it, VOTE "T"The polls are close so Crooked Hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.Why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails?The Great State of Arizona, where I just had a massive rally (amazing people), has a very weak and ineffective Senator, Jeff Flake. Sad!The Republican Party needs strong and committed leaders, not weak people such as   if it is going to stop illegal immigration."      CNN is so biased. Never ever watch them. Trump 2016!!"Crooked Hillary's V.P. pick said this morning that I was not aware that Russia took over Crimea. A total lie - and taken over during O term!Wow, the failing   has not reported properly on Crooked's FBI release. They are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source.  is so disgusting in their bias, but they are having a hard time promoting Crooked Hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals.Great visit to Detroit church, fantastic reception, and all   talks about is a small protest outside. Inside a large and wonderful crowd!I am returning to the Pensacola Bay Center in Florida- Friday, 9/9/16 at 7pm. Join me!    Thank you Great Faith Ministries International, Bishop Wayne T. Jackson, and Detroit!
            Great new poll Iowa - thank you!
     I visited our Trump Tower campaign headquarters last night, after returning from Ohio and Arizona, and it was packed with great pros - WIN!People will be very surprised by our ground game on Nov. 8. We have an army of volunteers and people with GREAT SPIRIT! They want to  Just heard that crazy and very dumb   had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings   Joe a mess!I will be interviewed by   tonight at 8pm on the   Enjoy!I am promising you a new legacy for America. We're going to create a new American future. Thank you OHIO!    Thank you for having me this morning   I enjoyed my time with everyone!    Poll numbers way up - making big progress!Thank you to   for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. Thank you also to the great people of Arizona!Mexico will pay for the wall!Under a Trump administration, it's called    
 Hillary Clinton doesn't have the strength or the stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
 There will be no amnesty!
   
 Mexico will pay for the wall - 100%!
   
 Just arrived in Arizona!  
 Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.Great trip to Mexico today  - wonderful leadership and high quality people! Look forward to our next meeting.Hillary Clinton didn't go to Louisiana, and now she didn't go to Mexico. She doesn't have the drive or stamina to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!Former President Vicente Fox, who is railing against my visit to Mexico today, also invited me when he apologized for using the "f bomb."Thank you Washington! Together, WE will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!      I have accepted the invitation of President Enrique Pena Nieto, of Mexico, and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow.Thank you North Carolina!    Thank you America!  
   "  Looking forward to seeing you again! Everett to be a packed house!     From day one I said that I was going to build a great wall on the SOUTHERN BORDER, and much more. Stop illegal immigration. Watch Wednesday!Join me this Thursday in Wilmington, Ohio at noon!  
Tickets:    Join me this Wednesday in Phoenix, Arizona at 6pm!  
Tickets:         We will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as       Now that African-Americans are seeing what a bad job Hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities, they want TRUMP!Crooked Hillary's brainpower is highly overrated.Probably why her decision making is so bad or, as stated by Bernie S, she has BAD JUDGEMENTDoes anyone know that Crooked Hillary, who tried so hard, was unable to pass the Bar Exams in Washington D.C. She was forced to go elsewhere"    I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room."    I know of NO ONE voting for Crooked Hillary! Her rallies are held in (blank)  &amp; she still has room."  Thank-You Clarence Henderson for telling   you know racism &amp; it's not DonaldTrump   via  "  Crowd at Trump Rally in Akron, Ohio is a Sea of Women, Minorities, Independents, Dems   via  Inner-city crime is reaching record levels. African-Americans will vote for Trump because they know I will stop the slaughter going on!Look how bad it is getting! How much more crime, how many more shootings, will it take for African-Americans and Latinos to vote Trump=SAFE!I will be making a major speech on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION on Wednesday in the GREAT State of Arizona. Big crowds, looking for a larger venue.I think that both candidates, Crooked Hillary and myself, should release detailed medical records. I have no problem in doing so! Hillary?Today is the 53rd anniversary of the March on Washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice, equality and opportunity.Thank you Arizona!    Join me Tuesday in Everett, Washington at the Xfinity Arena! Tickets:    "    America loves Trump and   -- praying for you every day. Stay strong.    NATIONAL DEBT 
January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION
August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION  It was an honor to have the amazing Root family join me in Iowa. I have been so inspired by their courage &amp; bravery.  Thank you Iowa!    Just landed in Iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful Senator   Look forward to being with all of my friends.My condolences to Dwyane Wade and his family, on the loss of Nykea Aldridge. They are in my thoughts and prayers.Dwyane Wade's cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in Chicago. Just what I have been saying. African-Americans will VOTE TRUMP!"    Leader:   ‘No Regard For Black Race’   via    "  Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump.   she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor."  Crooked Hillary getting desperate. On TV bashing Trump.   she forgot how she said a KKK member was her mentor.Heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the MIDWEST. Coming in from our southern border. We need strong border &amp; WALL!New polls - join the MOVEMENT today.
     Join us via our new   APP!      Will be in Phoenix, Arizona on Wednesday. Changing venue to much larger one. Demand is unreal. Polls looking great!  Thank you   Florida. Keep me updated, and lets get those 100,000 registered voters!
    I will be interviewed by   
at 7pm on    Army training slide lists Hillary Clinton as insider threat:  Meet the ‘Trumpocrats’: Lifelong Democrats Breaking w/ Party Over Hillary to Support Donald Trump for President:  "Hillary Clinton Deleted Emails Using Program Intended To Prevent Recovery"    How quickly people forget that Crooked Hillary called African-American youth "SUPER PREDATORS" - Has she apologized?I am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. Such a big problem for our country-I will solveWonderful   was attacked viciously and unfairly on   by crazy   on low ratings   Apologize!What do African-Americans and Hispanics have to lose by going with me. Look at the poverty, crime and educational statistics. I will fix it!Crooked Hillary will NEVER be able to solve the problems of poverty, education and safety within the African-American &amp; Hispanic communitiesThe Clinton's are the real predators...
 "  Your opponent has run out of ideas, now resorts to personal attacks on you. Every Amercan knows, you represent HOPE!!""Hillary Clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign."    "  Company Gouging Price Of EpiPens Is A Clinton Foundation Donor And Partner   via dailycaller""  Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor':  "  Flashback: Hillary Clinton Praised Former KKK Member Robert Byrd as 'Friend and Mentor':  CLINTON CORRUPTION AND HER SABOTAGE OF THE INNER CITIES. 
Full speech transcript:  Hillary Clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. No policy, and always very short (stamina). Media gives her a pass!HRC is using the oldest play in the Dem playbook- when their policies fail, they are left w/this one tired argument!
 Hillary Clinton is using race-baiting to try to get African-American voters- but they know she is all talk and NO ACTION!Hillary Clinton's short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. She should be ashamed of herself!Just watched recap of   speech. Very short and lies. She is the only one fear-mongering!So many in the African-American community are doing so badly, poverty and crime way up, employment and jobs way down: I will fix it, promisePoll numbers are starting to look very good. Leading in Florida   Arizona and big jump in Utah. All numbers rising, national way up. Wow!"  .  of the   fame - We CAN do this! We can   with    Thoughts and prayers to the great people of Indiana. You will prevail!Great Governor   is in Indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. True leadership.Will be on   @ 10pE   discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected, we will   &amp; enforce our laws!Thank you for your support!
     A great afternoon in Tampa, Florida. Thank you!    New national poll released. Join the MOVEMENT &amp; together we will   
   Great new poll Florida - thank you!    I will not let the families of The Remembrance Project down! 
 
 
 My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in Italy and Myanmar.Thank you Travis County, Texas!
   Thank you Travis County, Texas!
   Will be participating in a Town Hall tonight on   at 10pmE from Austin, Texas. Enjoy!  In Austin, Texas with some of our amazing Border Patrol Agents. I will not let them down!    Join me in Tampa, Florida- tomorrow at 1pmE! Tickets:    President Obama should have gone to Louisiana days ago, instead of golfing. Too little, too late!Hillary Clinton strongly stated  that there was "absolutely no connection" between her private work and that of The State Department. LIE!It is being reported by virtually everyone, and is a fact,  that the media pile on against me is the worst in American political history!I am now in Texas doing a big fundraiser for the Republican Party and a   Special on the BORDER and with victims of border crime!The   quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. Don't buy, boring!.  new book, 'In Trump We Trust, comes out tomorrow. People are saying it's terrific - knowing Ann I am sure it is!Just leaving Akron, Ohio, after a packed rally. Amazing people! Going now to Texas.Great meeting with active &amp; retired law enforcement officers- at the Fraternal Order of Police lodge in Akron, Ohio.  Statement on Clinton Foundation:
 Will be interviewed on   at 8:30 A.M. Eastern. ENJOY!Some day, when things calm down, I'll tell the real story of   and his very insecure long-time girlfriend,   Two clowns!Tried watching low-rated   this morning,  unwatchable!   is off the wall, a neurotic and not very bright mess!"        Trump leading LA Times poll  "      The ad was actually very good!""       You need to show the crowds at the rallies use Periscope! Show HC's 139 YT viewers vs DT 38K""    TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!     "    TRUMP VICTORY IN NOVEMBER!     "     Video: Hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel.  I heard that   was very nice on Friday but that little Donny D, a big failure in TV (&amp; someone I helped), was nasty. Irrelevant!Crooked Hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on Wall Street. Media is protecting her!I have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds, but the media refuses to show or discuss them. Something very big is happening!Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
 "    please oh please take the CHARLOTTE NC speech ACROSS the swing states .... sooo powerful"  Good!"    been a great week. More of the same will get you in the white house!"We will bring America together as ONE country again – united as Americans in common purpose and common dreams.  Will be back soon Virginia. We are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!    Will be interviewed on   at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!Just leaving Virginia - really big crowd, great enthusiasm!Thank you   will see you soon.   
 "  200,000 new followers for   From 10,800,000 to 11,000,000, All in the last ten days or so!    We are one nation. When one hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together-to lift each other up.
     Sleeping!!!!!Thank you Michigan. This is a MOVEMENT. We are going to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!    Great job by   on interview with   on      Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.Thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments, by Twitter, pundits and otherwise for my speech last night.The reporting at the failing   gets worse and worse by the day. Fortunately, it is a dying newspaper.Thank you to NC for last evenings great reception. The speech was a great success. Heading now to Louisiana &amp; another speech tonight in MI.We are one nation. When one state hurts, we all hurt. We must all work together - to lift each other up.  Thank you Charlotte, North Carolina!
  
 Together, we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!       They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!I will be doing a Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. on   -  Will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by   tonight at 10pmE on   Enjoy!  We are going to make this a government of the people once again!
   
 We will repeal &amp; replace   which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. It is a disaster!  A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty, high crime, &amp; lost opportunities.  
    
 Thank you Governor   &amp;   Chairman   Priebus. 
   
 Join me in North Carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm!   
Tickets:     
Video:       
Transcript:  Will be on   tonight at 10pmE - delivering an important speech live from Wisconsin.  Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....
Cont:  Just as we won the Cold War, in part, by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....
Cont:  This is my pledge to the American people:  'It's just a 2-point race, Clinton 38%, Trump 36%'  Another health insurer is pulling back due to 'persistent financial losses on   plans.' Only the beginning!     "CLINTON REFUGEE PLAN COULD BRING IN 620,000 REFUGEES IN FIRST TERM AT LIFETIME COST OF OVER $400 BILLION."    
 Certain Republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the U.S.Supreme Court get proper appointments. Sad!"Stay on message" is the chant. I always do - trade, jobs, military, vets, 2nd A, repeal Ocare, borders, etc - but media misrepresents!I have always been the same person-remain true to self.The media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so!It is not "freedom of the press" when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!Crooked Hillary Clinton is being protected by the media. She is not a talented person or politician. The dishonest media refuses to expose!My rallies are not covered properly by the media. They never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm.If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn't put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%The failing   which never spoke to me, keeps saying that I am saying to advisers that I will change. False, I am who I am-never saidThe failing   talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. Their reporting is fiction. The media protects Hillary!"  You are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people     Loves U" Thanks"  We're all enjoying you, as well, Mr. T.! You've inspired Hope and a Positive Spirit throughout America! God bless you!" Nice"     yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!""     yes you are my hero I admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for America!!!"We now have confirmation as to one reason Crooked H wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - PAY-FOR-PLAY. How can she run for Pres."  Thank you for all that you are doing for us! You campaign endlessly and have spent millions.We love you!   ThanksI am truly enjoying myself while running for president. The people of our country are amazing - great numbers on November 8th!The failing   has become a newspaper of fiction. Their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. Very dishonest!Will be on   tonight at 10pm, hosted by   Enjoy!Thank you Erie, Pennsylvania! Together we will    Unbelievable support in Florida last night - thank you!    ISIS gained tremendous strength during Hillary Clinton's term as Secretary of State. When will the dishonest media report the facts!I love watching these poor, pathetic people (pundits) on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. They can't!A massive tax increase will be necessary to fund Crooked Hillary Clinton's agenda. What a terrible (and boring) rollout that was yesterday!"  Thank you for coming to Pennsylvania today. I will be there with   your 3rd CD delegate at 2 pm"Ratings challenged   reports so seriously that I call President Obama (and Clinton) "the founder" of ISIS, &amp; MVP. THEY DON'T GET SARCASM?"        People gotta stop believing media lies about Trump." That would indeed be nice!"  THE CORRUPT MEDIA CREATS CONTROVERSY AGAINST   TO AVOID ISSUES ABOUT HillaryClinton  "    Everything coming from this administration is a lie. Only   will change it"Will be doing   tonight at 8pm. Enjoy!This is no surprise. Constant phony reporting from failing   turns everyone off. The American people get it!  Thank you Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 
   Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.Great job today by the NYPD in protecting the people and saving the climber.Reuters just announced that Secret Service never spoke to me or my campaign. Made up story by   is a hoax. Totally dishonest."  Really admire your determination: Working so hard for all Americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased Media."   Thank you Abingdon, Virginia! 
  
   No such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by "low ratings"  Great meeting w/ coal miners &amp; leaders from the Virginia coal industry- thank you!  
   I will be interviewed on   tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!  My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in Sebastian County, Arkansas.  Morning Joe's weakness is its low ratings. I don't watch anymore but I heard he went wild against Rudy Giuliani and   - sad &amp; irrelevant!.   You were fantastic in defending both the Second Amendment and me last night on   Don Lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock"  ‘Now cut off my mic!’ Bongino refuses to be bullied by Don Lemon over Trump, 2nd Amendment – HEATED!  Media desperate to distract from Clinton's anti-2A stance. I said pro-2A citizens must organize and get out vote to save our Constitution!When is the media going to talk about Hillary's policies that have gotten people killed, like Libya, open borders, and maybe her emails?Thank you Senator    
 Thank you    
 Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
   Thank you Wilmington, North Carolina!
   "     Loved Trump's answers to voters questions this morning! Trump's economic plan will help    "      great interview.....all solid points on our economy TRUMP2016"I am running against the Washington insiders, just like I did in the Republican Primaries. These are the people that have made U.S. a mess!Will be interviewed on   now!Being in Detroit today was wonderful. Quick stop in Ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. Just got back home!'As Senator Clinton promised 200,000 jobs in Upstate New York - her efforts fell flat.'    Many people are saying that the Iranians killed the scientist who helped the U.S. because of Hillary Clinton's hacked emails.Thank you Newt!   Thank you Congressman Steven Palazzo!    Thank you Senator David Perdue!
   Thank you  
   Thank you   together we will     Thank you!   Thank you Alex!   Thank you Alex!   My economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 P.M. Enjoy!Join me in Fayetteville, North Carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. Tickets now available at:    "Will Media Apologize to Trump?"  Michael Morell, the lightweight former Acting Director of C.I.A., and a man who has made serious bad calls, is a total Clinton flunky!The media is going crazy. They totally distort so many things on purpose. Crimea, nuclear, "the baby" and so much more. Very dishonest!I see where Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake of Baltimore is pushing Crooked hard. Look at the job she has done in Baltimore. She is a joke!Thank you Windham, New Hampshire!      .  - 'Donald Trump Is the middle-class growth candidate'
 I am not just running against Crooked Hillary Clinton, I am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but I will win!  is not fit to be our next president!   
 Heading to New Hampshire - will be talking about Hillary saying her brain SHORT CIRCUITED, and other things!Anybody whose mind "SHORT CIRCUITS" is not fit to be our president! Look up the word "BRAINWASHED."Crooked Hillary said loudly, and for the world to see, that she "SHORT CIRCUITED" when answering a question on her e-mails. Very dangerous!Hillary Clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. Let us all see what happens!Good luck  
     'Trump is right about violent crime: It’s on the rise in major cities'
 Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor   and I will be back soon.      Thank you Green Bay, Wisconsin! Governor   and I will be back soon.      DON'T LET HILLARY CLINTON DO IT AGAIN!
 
 Thank you Des Moines, Iowa! Governor   and I appreciate your support!         Hillary Clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as President.
 The plane I saw on television was the hostage plane in Geneva, Switzerland, not the plane carrying $400 million in cash going to Iran!President Obama refuses to answer question about Iran terror funding.  I won't dodge questions as your President.  Obama's disastrous judgment gave us ISIS, rise of Iran, and the worst economic numbers since the Great Depression!President Obama should ask the DNC about how they rigged the election against Bernie.See you tomorrow w/ Gov.   Iowa &amp; Wisconsin! 
3pm-  
7pm-    Thank you Portland, Maine! 
  
   Happy 226th Birthday to the United States Coast Guard. Thank you      Great meeting all of you. This group knocked on 50K doors &amp; counting here in Maine, thank you!     Looking forward to IA &amp; WI with Gov. Pence, tomorrow. Join us!  
 
   Thank you Jacksonville, Florida!
  
   Thank you for your support of my candidacy!     
 Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in Daytona Beach, Florida!      THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
   THANK YOU Daytona Beach, Florida!
   Our incompetent Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars, in cash, to Iran. Scandal!There is great unity in my campaign, perhaps greater than ever before. I want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. Beat Crooked H!Great day in Virginia. Crowd was fantastic!My daughter   will be on   tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!  Report raises questions about ‘Clinton Cash’ from Russians during ‘reset'  President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States!  John Podesta’s Brother Pocketed $180,000 from Putin’s Uranium Company:       Join me in Florida tomorrow! 
  

Daytona | 3pm- 
 

Jacksonville | 7pm- 
 STATEMENT IN RESPONSE TO PRESIDENT OBAMA'S FAILED LEADERSHIP:  Thank you Virginia!    The Washington Post calls out   for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!  Great afternoon in Ohio &amp; a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!  Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon.    Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!Thanks to   for your kind words, very much appreciated.Thanks to   for your kind words, very much appreciated.Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona &amp; Jacksonville:

Daytona | 3pm-  
Jacksonville | 7pm-  During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard.  When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays &amp; refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.  Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors.      Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon.      Thank you Oklahoma &amp; Virginia! 
     People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at:    
 So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!Wow, it is unbelievable how distorted, one-sided and biased the media is against us. The failing   is a joke.   is laughable!"   Without absolutely OWNING the liberal media, HillaryClinton wouldn't stand a chance.   and   her only hope."The dishonest media is fawning over the Democratic Convention. I wonder why, then, my speech had millions of more viewers than Crooked H?I was viciously attacked by Mr. Khan at the Democratic Convention. Am I not allowed to respond? Hillary voted for the Iraq war, not me!Captain Khan, killed 12 years ago, was a hero, but this is about RADICAL ISLAMIC TERROR and the weakness of our "leaders" to eradicate it!Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP  32.2 MILLION.  CLINTON 27.8 MILLION.  Thank you!Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention   over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!    NATO commander agrees members should pay up via  
 Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP  = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.  Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings   Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!While I am in OH &amp; PA - you can also join   in Nevada on Mon!

Carson City:  

Reno:  Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio &amp; Harrisburg, Pennsylvania!  

3pm in OH:  

7pm in PA:  American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the  'American Dream!'  We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, 
NAFTA/TPP support &amp; Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country."    ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE AMERICA AND FIX OBAMA'S MISTAKES!!!    Thank you Denver, Colorado! 
   As usual, Hillary &amp; the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!  Job Application  Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement &amp; insticts.Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!
     Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out &amp; VOTE   in November!  "Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal."  Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!  Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm!

Colorado Springs:  

Denver:  What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.  What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.  I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse.    The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!Thank you! 

Facebook:  

Instagram:    Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!   "Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD   Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!Join   at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets:  "  "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""CAMPAIGN STATEMENT: 
 Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke.   and the little watched   = SAD!No one has worse judgement than Hillary Clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes.Hillary's wars in the Middle East have unleashed destruction, terrorism and ISIS across the world.Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.Hillary's vision is a borderless world where working people have no power, no jobs, no safety.Hillary will never reform Wall Street. She is owned by Wall Street!Our way of life is under threat by Radical Islam and Hillary Clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words.Hillary's refusal to mention Radical Islam, as she pushes a 550% increase in refugees, is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country.Departing now - thank you Cedar Rapids, Iowa. This is a MOVEMENT!     "Dems warn not to underestimate Trump's potential win"
 Great to be back in Iowa!   with   joining me in Davenport- this past winter.    Median household income is down for the middle class since Obama took office. It will only go further down under Clinton.A vote for Clinton-Kaine is a vote for TPP, NAFTA, high taxes, radical regulation, and massive influx of refugees.AMERICA'S FUTURE
 Bernie caved!  "  Poll: Donald Trump Sees 17-Point Positive Swing in Two Weeks - Breitbart      Great!President Obama spoke last night about a world that doesn’t exist. 70% of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction.  "      stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the PEOPLE""  Barack is offended that   will demand that   allies pay their fair share.  Our country does not feel 'great already' to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty, violence and despair.