True! I seem to remember POTUS won.  Check out Magnificent Seven with   &amp; Ethan Hawke. But they're probably busy so just go see it with your family!Excited to see   tax returns, mainly to learn which media outlets he's claimed as dependents.Woo hoo! Scientists learned how tardigrades resist radiation! But it's genetic, so: Any volunteers to mate with one?  Emmys dropped the ball last night. Best Comedy Series should've been the GOP Debates.Loving this humid fall weather. You can still do shorts with a tweed jacket after Labor Day, right?Sure, we have self-driving cars now, but what about self-folding calzones? Do I have to do ALL of the work?Anyone see this   movie yet? I’m gonna watch it the way it was meant to be seen—illegally downloaded from the studio’s servers.The good thing about the exploding Galaxy Note 7 is that if you lose it, you can track it down by following the fire trucks.Apparently Donald Trump thinks he needs to lose 15 to 20 pounds. Hey, how much does his mouth weigh?Watch tonight's game on Twitter with or without the express consent of the   See ya in court!  Hey,   now that the iPhone 7 is coming out, I’ve got an idea for you: the iPhone... 8. It’s just crazy enough to work!Colin Powell's emails called Trump a “national disgrace.” But if he wins the election, I could see him going global.Hey,   - what are you doing next Tuesday night? The Late Show has a spot with your name on it.Today President Obama said Trump's role model was Vladimir Putin. If you're in Trump's press pool, I'd be careful reporting that.Can't wait for Tesla's new self-driving features! This tweet was written by my car.Can't wait for Tesla's new self-driving features! This tweet was written by my car.You know the controversy over Hillary's health is bad when it drowns out the controversy over Trump's mental health.We taped tonight's show on Friday because I'm moving my son to college. But in a few days, I'll say it was pneumonia.  Have y'all heard the fan theory that Grease 2 is okay, but doesn’t quite stack up against the original?Got a dentist’s appointment coming up. Anyone with really nice teeth want to sub in for me?Not sure if this tuna I bought is dolphin-safe. I’ve fed this bottlenose 20 cans, and he's looking rough.Gotta say, I’m feeling a lot less guilty about stealing that pen from my local Wells Fargo branch.Hey   the next time my wife and I get into an argument, could you come over and mediate?I loved Hillary’s   post—what luck that the photographer ran into her on the street!Who do you like in this Panthers-Broncos game? I’m thinking Broncos 98, Panthers 76, but I also don’t understand football.Hey, fellow Burners, did anyone find a chainmail unitard on the playa? If so, please send it to the Ed Sullivan Theater.Just 62 days out from the election, and 135 days until Obama resumes smoking in public.Wow,   really looked presidential in Mexico. Might want to stay there!Anyone want to adopt a bumblebee? He’s flying around my bedroom right now; just knock on the closet door once you’ve picked him up.Question for all you sommeliers out there: What vintage would you recommend pairing with this half-eaten Snickers I found in my desk?Question for all you sommeliers out there: What vintage would you recommend pairing with this half-eaten Snickers I found in my desk?Goodbye, Handsome.              Depends, how much are you marking them up?  Finner!  Watch the band turn Chopin's Minute Waltz into   Significantly Longer Waltz!    I got my iPhone wet! I don’t have a bag of rice to drop it in, but a bag of sashimi works, too, right?Want to help the people of Louisiana recover from this historic flood?  Farewell,   Hope some other website will step up and finally publish my nudes.So, if   dropped   does that mean they need a new spokesperson? I already waxed my bikini zone.              construction, bus boy, cafeteria server, library data entry, futon frame maker, futon salesman, waiterWe’re doing   tomorrow night. Got anything to confess? Tweet me now with the hashtag and I might read it on the show.!  A giant asteroid might destroy Earth! Unfortunately, it won’t get here until 2135, so it looks like I still have to do the dishes.A fun campaign book by John Dickerson, the best &amp; fairest DC analyst I know! Get it for the political geek u love:
 I'm gonna guess... borscht?  "Someone who knows this job, takes it seriously, who understands the issues of our nation are not black or white, cannot be boiled down toBeen watching the DNC, and I’m detecting a strong anti-Trump bias. We’ll unpack everything tonight on a live    Been watching the DNC, and I’m detecting a strong anti-Trump bias. We’ll unpack everything tonight on a live     Watching the speech. See you soon! Live!    Welcome to the third night of my live   spectacular! Can you believe I haven’t slept yet?!  The delegates have cast their votes, and it looks like I’ll be doing another live   tonight!  What's   doing here? Find out tonight!    Tonight I’m finally turning   into the rollicking musical I’ve always envisioned. Tune in!Rehearsing my big song-and-food number for tonight’s live   Wait, it’s song and DANCE?! Uh-oh.We promise tonight's live show will have more going on than the RNC condiments station.  At the center of power at the RNC  Once again, our hearts are broken for our brothers and sisters in France. Liberté, Égalité, FraternitéWho’s Trump going to pick as his VP? My money’s on someone with valuable shutting up experience.Turns out David Cameron will be stepping down this week and not in October. Man, I wish I had that many vacation days saved up.I love catching Pokémon on this new app! Much better than the stuff you can catch from Tinder.Thank you, Heben  Excited to welcome   to the show tonight! Hold on, is   part of the Warped Tour now?Hey, if Boris Johnson won’t be Britain’s PM, maybe he can be Trump’s stunt double during fight scenes?In Rio, the only Olympic event that really matters is your body’s ability to fight off an infection.In Rio, the only Olympic event that really matters is your body’s ability to fight off an infection.We remember your burgers fondly, Alex. See you soon, I hope...Only in Monroe!  It don't get much deeper...  We’re covering the political conventions LIVE, and we want you to cover our seats!    I even waxed!   Wait, is     hype woman now? If so, I might suggest a larger watch.Anyone see Game of Thrones last night? So crazy when my HBO cut out and I had to watch Madam Secretary instead—did NOT see that coming!What a privilege to meet him.   .  is going to CNN? Corey, does this mean you won’t be taking that position at the National Organization for Women?Thanks to these people, about thirty different pigs showed up at the theater last night.    Who do you think Hillary’s going to choose for her VP? I mean, she already told ME who it’s going to be, but who do YOU think?I follow   for Charleston. Follow him for your home town.    Excited to learn that Stephen: The Language of Dance is among the free Ticketmaster settlement concerts. Come out and see me sparkle!Stephen's Live Colonoscopy Ends In Disaster. Alexander Skarsgård Still Missing.    Hope you all had a great International Yoga Day. I’m currently working on my favorite pose: Recumbent Swiss Roll Consumer.Excited to get this new Netflix logo burned into my computer monitor. I was tired of watching the old one.So annoying that   gets to be Hamilton just because he "knows the lyrics" and "isn't banned from the Richard Rodgers Theater.".  and I sang the National Anthem in 30 seconds—think you can do it faster? Bet you can't.    The FBI raided   production facilities this morning, but we can still show you the commercial.    The FBI raided   production facilities this morning, but we can still show you the commercial.    Hey! Comedian   on   TONIGHT doing stand up. With jokes and everything! I know him, he's funny! 11:35pm/10:35cRumble! Squeezebox vs. Face Piano!  Amen   Who would win in a fight: A-Rod w/ a trident and net or Tom Brady w/ a morning star and shield?  Here are all the lists I've made on   1) My first list. Check it out!    Wow: Unlocked the secret   level where   plays with you!    
 Who would win in a fight: Jimmy Carter w/ Adamantium claws or George H. W. Bush w/ laser vision?  It's   Kill some time until you're mathematically eliminated!       Play Bubble Burst Bernie! The best political video game since Senator Pac-Man.    Who would win in a fight?  Like movies? Join me in NJ   with 150+ films, events, and parties starting tonight, thru May 8!    My friend   new doc   debuts tomorrow at 9pm on CNN! Don’t worry, it ends in time for you to watch my show.Who is David Tennant? Yes. And vice versa.  
 Who is David Tennant? Yes. And vice versa.  
 Spring is here! Celebrate by attending a   taping and bringing me some Flonase.  Burr and Hamilton. Hatfield and McCoy.   and    
 Who would win in a fight?  Honored to have one million   subscribers! Who knows what number comes next?!      .  will be on   tonight, assuming his appearance doesn’t get tied up in committee.Check out the new   book “Callings: The
Purpose and Passion of Work.” It's just like radio but on paper. 
 Monday's guest   has a lot of big ideas, and also several smaller ones.  
 It’s the   tax guide! Print this out and throw it into the grocery bag where you keep your receipts.  Historical consequentia!
 Wanna spend the wknd w/ me?   4/29-5/1. Opening Night + convos with Rob Reiner &amp; Richard Curtis:  It was delicious! Thanks Benlissa McCartcone!    Always an honor to have   cartoon-yell at me.    Tonight, two-dimensional   is back with his one-dimensional ideas.  
 Tonight! The triumphant return of Cartoon Donald Trump!    Which team name would win in a fight?  Who would win in a fight?  A lever that big isn’t easy to maneuver, so I called in some backup.    A lever that big isn’t easy to maneuver, so I called in some backup.    Tonight! When   is angry, he gets really animated.  
 Please don’t show this to the People for the Ethical Treatment of Percussion.      Enjoy freedom while you can, John...  Who would win in a fight: animatronic Chuck E. Cheese band or the knights of Medieval Times?  Oops. I meant "more than" zero percent chance Trump wins.        Oops. I meant "more than" zero percent chance Trump wins.        Hrrrmm...whew.    Last night   and I got all hopped up on Dr. Pepper and couldn't sleep.    Hey Paxil,   may have the perfect song for the “before” part of your commercials.  
 Worth the wait...Thank you, Mr. Moon!    In honor of 100 shows...a mini doc about the week before we started 6 months ago. Thank you Late Show staff!  I just bought my tickets. Camping in line. Cosplaying as Media Elite.  This was much more productive than   collaboration with Beaker.  
 There's your trouble.  Who would win in a fight: an Apple Genius w/ a switchblade or a Walmart greeter w/ a crossbow?  Who would win in a fight: Bigfoot or the Tooth Fairy?  Who would win in a fight: Bigfoot or the Tooth Fairy?  I trusted you!    Thank for Stopping by,   
Give my best to South Carolina!
 Tonight, join me for a fun and sassy photo shoot with my new best friends.    Damn, Jon.  My underdesk sandwich man- he's always there!
   Blackbird: You were only waiting for Jon's version to arise. Try watching this 2 or 3 or 50 times!    Tonight, Bill O’Reilly explains how   captured America's hearts, minds, and above all, ears.
 Watch   tonight at 10:30 pm, before I get her deported back to Saskatchewan for this.  
 Thanks to Will Ferrell for stopping by and showcasing the fiercest beasts that Petco has to offer.  Which is more joyful: seeing a photo of a coworker's baby or free guac on your burrito?  Who would win in a fight: Mozart with a magic flute or Beethoven with a machete?  Try this one on for size - Nina Simone    And you want to travel with him and you want to travel blind.  And you want to travel with him and you want to travel blind.  On to New Hampshire! Not for the primaries; I'm just addicted to covered bridges.  Got my Super Bowl squad ready. Hey Tina Fey,   Will Ferrell,   and   Aim for the knees!  The final guests for my Super Bowl special?   and   Hopefully they have chemistry with each other.  Also excited to welcome Will Ferrell to my Super Bowl special! Can't wait to see what he can do on a Sunday Night Live.  Excited to welcome Tina Fey and   to my Super Bowl special! Can you bring food? All I have is some mustard packets.  At a crossroads? In a dispute? Let unlicensed therapist Dr. Stephen T. Colbert fix it on a future show. Tweet me!  Who wins in a fight: Steven with a ‘v’ or Stephen with a ‘ph’?  Which is more inescapable: supermassive black hole or obligation to be with family at holidays?  Who would win: Tony the Tiger or Mr. Peanut?  Going to be in NYC next month? Come to a   taping! After you visit the Queensboro Bridge—it's a must-see.  Going to be in NYC next month? Come to a   taping! After you visit the Queensboro Bridge—it's a must-see.  Can you believe how controversial this tweet is? Please RT.  Haven’t seen   on TV in a few milliseconds... hope he’s okay.  Who would win in a fight: LeBron James w/ Green Lantern’s ring or Michael Jordan w/ genie lamp?  Who would win in a fight: Santa or Thanos?  Who loves the other one more?  Who would win a hammer fight: Trump or Cruz?  Hey, 103.3 The Groove: It’s not a Rock Block without some Starship. Stop wasting my time.  Happy birthday, Julian Bond! In your memory,   is creating a new professor position. Support by donating here:  If Twitter’s stock price goes any lower, I’m concerned that none of us are ever going to get paid for this.  Here’s a hot lottery tip: 8, 21, 26, 40, 51, Powerball 17. You didn’t hear it from me.  Ugh, I’ve been waiting at this DMV forever. What do I have to do, come back when they’re open?!  Apparently Kim Davis got invited to the   if you’re wondering who half of the room will be clapping for.  Tonight! Buy American (Powerball tickets)!
 Tonight! Buy American (Powerball tickets)!
 Congratulations to the Alabama football players on winning the national title—don’t spend all the money in one place, guys!  My favorite movie of all time? Oberon’s Promise (2056).So   publishes Sean Penn's El Chapo interview, but they won't even CONSIDER my D.B. Cooper erotic fan fiction?!  Picking up a few extra bucks by playing myself at Madame Tussauds. Stop by and say, “Hi!”$800 million Powerball drawing tonight! The winner can come to the dark alley behind the Ed Sullivan Theater to claim their prize.  Tonight! We’ve got a live one!  
 10 million followers! To all of the Estonian spambots that made this possible: Aitäh.  Tonight! I take on the deli-industrial complex.  
 Another rough day on Wall Street. Good thing all of my savings are tied up in Greek municipal bonds!  Still struggling to lose my holiday weight from 2006.  Tonight!   The luddite of laughter.  
 If North Korea is dropping H-bombs, can I start dropping F-bombs?   cc:  Hey, I’ve been occupying this Roy Rogers bathroom stall for the last two hours—am I a militiaman now?  Tonight! Here’s looking at you,    
 Thank you for joining me for Stephen Colbert’s Boppin’ New Year’s Eve.  Thank you for joining me for Stephen Colbert’s Boppin’ New Year’s Eve.  Whatever. I’m just taking the next exit and gunning the side streets home. What a terrible night. Hope yours was better.  Well, it’s twelve o’clock. Happy New Year, everyone. Yeah, excellent start to the year. Fantastic.  Now everybody’s honking. This is just great.  Damn it! Move out of the way! I’m supposed to be singing a duet with Paul McCartney right now!  Come on... This is such bullshit.  Ok, if this breaks up in the next 15 minutes, I’ll still make Paul McCartney, &amp; I’ll still be in time to see the ball to drop.  We are really not moving at all here. And Pharrell should be going on right about now. Shit!  Man, traffic is seriously backed up. Hey folks, sorry, but this live-tweet will pick up steam once I get to the party, promise.  Okay, okay, it’s not so bad. I’ll just be a little late. Might miss a little bit of the magic show, but no biggie. It’s fine.  Let’s see... I’ll just take the parkway and hopefully— Gah! Look at all of this traffic! Are you kidding me?  It’s going to be a bash for the ages! Just need to drive over. Shouldn’t take more than ten minutes, tops. Woo!  Tonight’s party will feature celebrity drop-ins aplenty, including special performances by Pharrell Williams and Paul McCartney!  Welcome to Stephen Colbert’s Boppin’ New Year’s Eve! I’ll be live-tweeting my fabulous NYE party just as soon as I get there.  Stephen’s Picks! Today’s Stephen Pick: Sheet rock. It's quicker than plaster!Stephen’s Picks! Today’s Stephen Pick: Celery sticks with peanut butter. A delicious and healthy lunchtime treat.Who would win?  Who would win in a fight?  Who would win in a fight?  Do I die my hair?  Who would win in a fight?  Who would win in a fight? Thanos or Santa?  Who would win in a fight? The Brothers Karamazov or the Concept of Egalitarianism?  How is my last name pronounced?Do you all prefer multi-colored lights or the plain, white ones? Hurry, because it’s cold up here on this ladder.Tonight! Santa Claws!  
 Tonight!   lives up to her name.  
 Now it's your turn. Go forth and spread these rumors and make up your own   Chewie shoots first!Once everyone finds out they're delicious, the Ewoks are hunted to extinction.  Samuel L. Jackson comes back to life as Mace Windu and exclaims, "What's in your wallet?"  That tri-blade lightsaber turns out to be able to talk. Its catchphrase: “Hey! I'm lightsaberin' here!"  There's a scene where Chewbacca gets into some dark chocolate and has to spend the night at the vet.  Our only defense against Star Wars spoilers is flooding the national conversation with fake ones. So here are my  Tonight! My probing interview with Robert De Niro.  
 Tonight! Han Solo becomes Han Duo.  
 Tonight! Han Solo becomes Han Duo.  
 And now, the   Hanukkah celebration draws to its Hanukkonclusion.  
 Can you believe Hanukkah is almost over? Savor these last videos like a fine glass of Manischewitz.  
 Fun chat w/ pal   show: working together   early improv days &amp; more    Tonight! Can’t get   tickets? This is almost as good.  
 Who’s tonight’s   Hanukkah guest? It couldn’t   any clearer.  
 Tonight! I give my buddy Jon Stewart a makeover.  
 It’s the fifth night of Hanukkah! Only one shopping day until the sixth night of Hanukkah!  
 Tonight! Downton Abbey is successfully Americanized!    
 Who’s going to deliver tonight’s   Hanukkah gift? Watch what happens.  
 Tonight! French 101 with Marion Cotillard.  
 Time for another   Hanukkah treat! Could it be: new towels?!?  
 Time for another   Hanukkah treat! Could it be: new towels?!?  
 .  presents... Hanukkah Night 2: The Re-Candling.  
 Happy Hanukkah!   got you something special this year. Not you, evil King Antiochus!
 Indeed it sometimes does   Happy Thanksgiving!  Gov.   and I are helping South Carolinians rebuild their flood-damaged homes, but we could use your help.  It’s the   opening, like you’ve never seen it before! Unless you’re director      It’s the   opening, like you’ve never seen it before! Unless you’re director      Great to have   on the show tonight. To help me thank her, please check out  Actual last chance to get in a ménage à nerd with me and J.J. Abrams. 
   Homeless veterans need your help. Support them at:     Your turn,    Last chance to join me and J.J. Abrams at a meeting of the nerd minds.      Glad ur back   That appendix didn’t deserve u!
Besides, your pancreas is way cuter!
 No! 162!!!!! 
   Join JJ Abrams + me in the   Sarlacc pit.      
 Join JJ Abrams + me in the   Sarlacc pit.      
 Check out     project and document that 10-mile walk to school, uphill both ways.  You don’t have to hire Night Vale's   to apologize for you in person anymore.  
 You think your dance moves are cool? Well, what language do they communicate?  
 Coming soon:   The Late Show with Stephen Colbert and Also Monsters.  
 Excited to welcome   to   on October 27! Can't wait to find out what project she’s promoting. Craving a   nerd sandwich? Let J.J. Abrams and me be the bread.    
 Thanks for the present,   I'm impressed you managed to part with it.  
 .  and Stay Human are a Triforce to be reckoned with. Or in this case: Quadforce.  
 .  and Stay Human are a Triforce to be reckoned with. Or in this case: Quadforce.  
 Every rock star has a weird road story. Here's one   cut from his memoir.  
 .  takes you where the mainstream media doesn’t realize it’s afraid to go.  
 It's all true,   !!!
   ‘ello, govnuh! Or, as   says now: Hello, governor!  
 Entrepreneurs, forget your business plan. This 30-second video from Airbnb's   is all you need.  
 The   tackling dummy was such a prima donna, it demanded its own green room.  
 After we kicked this goat out of the theater, we let him say his piece.  
 .  has a steamy story from his time at the Fed. NSFW!! (Not safe for WallStreet)  
 My guest on Oct. 16 will be   Unless this is an elaborate prank.  Find out what's on   mind, thanks to the power of omniscient narration.  
 When you think of a calming presence, I bet   is the first name that comes to mind.  
 They haven’t yet written a song that   can’t cabriole to.  
 A new version of a   and   classic? You don’t say say say!    Tonight,   is... Maverick! Remember 'Maverick,' kids? Watch this anyway.  
 Last-minute addition to tonight’s show: Freeman and the Morgettes!   
 Tomorrow night at NYC's Webster Hall:   and Stay Human! I’ve always wanted to see them live.  Watch Claire Danes put on a 15-second acting clinic.  
 Learn how   is changing the snapping game... again.  
 Learn how   is changing the snapping game... again.  
 Support   by seeing me destroy J.J. Abrams in a nerd-off on 11/21!      Seems like no one writes thank you notes anymore. But   spoke me a lovely one.  
 About to interview   -- snap me your typical snapping-chat to "spiegelchat" on Snapchat, maybe we'll use it on the show!  My guest tomorrow is   What should I ask him? Record a video of your question and tweet it to   w/  They say, "To be a writer, be a reader." And to write short stories, be a speed reader. Like Jesse Eisenberg.
 20 min. to the new The Daily Show- Just set up my series recording!  Who was   biggest influence, other than   and    
 Only 14 shows in, but my favorite moment so far, with Malala the Magnificent!        In school I learned to pretend I read Moby Dick.   don't have that chance.    When I need life advice, I always turn to   And if he's busy,    
 What’s it like to be both Catholic and gay? Can   survive the paradox?  
 My guest   needs you for the   festival! A few other people, too.  
 Back during our test shows, Chef Daniel Boulud made the whole staff lunch!  
 Tonight on   The most exciting Catholic clergyman who isn't in the USA on business.
 Hey Nation!   is sooooo close to 100k followers. Let's push him over the top! He's the best.  Ever since   appeared on my show, people have been asking: Who?  November   tickets will soon be available! I don't know when, but   does..  The rare candidate willing to take a stand on issues that matter, and the ones that don't.  
 .  The rare candidate willing to take a stand on issues that matter, and the ones that don't.  
 Some people just think they can park their car anywhere.  
 What’s on Ban Ki-moon’s plate? Besides resolving geopolitical conflict?  
 Do you have too much money? That's where my personal lifestyle brand comes in.      Watch this video to learn how to write songs like   I can’t help you with the beard.  
 Some lesser-known   trivia.  
 Excited to announce that I've signed   to a multi-album deal!  
 Call on world leaders to invest in clean water and sanitation for girls and women, and meet   in the process!  Whaaaaaaat?!!!! "    Nobody told you that the new Star Wars opens 2 days earlier in Ireland did they?" 
 "Siri, put Apple CEO Tim Cook on my calendar for Tuesday, Sept. 15. Oh, and come up with some questions to ask him."  Please join us tonight for a memorable conversation with   Biden.I suddenly have enormous affection for Kendrick Lamar.  
 Can’t believe George Clooney and I talked for 6 straight hours last night! Here’s a little of what you missed:    Jeb Bush: Now Even Trumpier! I'd vote for this guy.    Jeb! Bonus! Clip!  Tune into   tonight at 11:33! It starts at 11:35, but get to your TV early for a better seat..  I'm inner! See you Tuesday, my Jebroh!  
 Enter this raffle and I might ask   your question on   Have your voice heard, in the form of my voice.  Enter this raffle and I might ask   your question on   Have your voice heard, in the form of my voice.  "Denali?" "McKinley?" Was "Stephen Colbert's Sweet-Ass Mountain" even considered?!  As of today, I can give you driving directions through   It's like I'm riding shotgun, without paying for gas.  September 10th,   welcomes   Joe Biden! Wait, if he’s here, who’s Vice Presidenting the country?Thanks to   I can also reveal: I was Death in Bergman’s 7th Seal.         Thanks to   I can finally reveal: I am the face on Mars.      Full disclosure: in the rest of this   cover photo I’m doing naked tai-chi.      This week in   my comedy formula: joyless gaze + bloodless lips + dead eyes =laughs!      Comedy plus   equals Tragedy.      Halloween Idea:   Scary Drifter Mask.    
    I think the full name of the magazine is “The Ravages Of Time.”      You can’t see it from my   cover photo, but I’m laughing from the neck down.      Platon is a great photographer. An honor to work with this artist, and    Hilarious!    Full disclosure: I panicked and got my arms stretched at the last minute. Now none of my suits fit.We clogged   feed and now Norway is massively supporting girls' education! Clog it again to say thanks!  Living the life.  Living the life.  Norwegian PM   is supporting girls' education and has replaced Thor as my favorite Norwegian!  Ask   to support girls' education! I can teach drama and pre-cal, but I'm only one man.    Check me out on the cover of   Unless you have an allergic reaction to houndstooth.    Morning balloon frenzy with friends!    Hanging out with 600 friends in Union Square this morning! Thanks for braving the heat!    I will miss Julian Bond: A Great Man, and my Black Friend:  I wrote an article for   and they put me on the cover! (I look a lot like Karlie Kloss in makeup.)    Help me and   take action, fight poverty, and listen to    .  will be on   Sept. 8! My first GOP candidate! Luckily I do 200 shows a year, so I think I can fit them all.Can't wait to get on the air Sept 8th. Until then:  Rude man in middle -show biz cores cbsGeorge Clooney will be my first-ever   guest on September 8th! Could one of you let him know?Psst! Hey, buddy, want to buy some   test show tickets? Click the link. No cops.  I stood with Mitt!    I stood with Mitt!    Check out the newest   Tooncast! I think I finally catch the Road Runner in this one!  It took weeks of work, but I finally found the "turn this into a cartoon" button on our video editing software.    Something's wrong with my iPad! Should I wash it again?  Heard Donald Trump is thinking of running as a third-party candidate. He's got Hillary's vote!  Lunch With Stephen: The Series presents: The Thrilling Conclusion: Friday: The Enluncheoning of Stephen Colbert    Looks like I shook the   off my tail. How about lunch?      Glücklich donnerstag! Please to join me for mittagessen again?      Lunch? You're in too deep to say "no," buddy.      I'm right behind you!     No, just tweets from cool people like you!     Oh yeah. I know her...  On my new podcast   talks jazz, and I deliver a killer word solo.    I knew it!  Let's meet again for lunch (unless you're from the Fish &amp; Wildlife Service).      Thrive SC provides housing and resources to victims of domestic violence and could use your support. Donate today:  Thrive SC provides housing and resources to victims of domestic violence and could use your support. Donate today:  Hey, it's Tuesday! Let's redo lunch!    Jake is Jacked!                 Let's do lunch!    I made a fun video game for you! Retweet this to begin.    Just released the latest installment of my podcast! Feel free to listen at work, unless you work for me.    Space fact! Pluto was named by an 11-year-old girl (just barely beating out "Princess Celestia.")      Got all worked up about Pluto today and accidentally said   name three times.    New Horizons snapped one great photo of Pluto. Thank god it didn’t blink!    Hey   I’m sick of you hitting Pluto below the Kuiper Belt. Come here and pick on someone in your own orbit!  Whoa.  South Carolina's Statehouse lowered the Confederate flag! Wait, does this mean we add another star to our flag?    Thanks to   for having me on 'Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee!' Same time tomorrow morning?  Taking my kids to see 'Magic Mike XXL' tonight. Don't know what it's about, but my kids are crazy about magic!  The   went down! If anyone can read this, tell my family I love them AFTER you watch this video:    Bunker Selfie!      BP is paying $18.7 bil for their Deepwater Horizon oil spill—that comes out to roughly $18.7 bil for every planet they're destroying.  U-S-A! S-O-C-C-E-R! C-O-N-G-R-A-T-U-L-A-T-I-O-N-S O-N T-H-E B-I-G W-I-N! Y-O-U A-R-E A-N I-N-S-P-I-R-A-T-I-O-N T-O U-S A-L-L!  U-S-A! S-O-C-C-E-R! C-O-N-G-R-A-T-U-L-A-T-I-O-N-S O-N T-H-E B-I-G W-I-N! Y-O-U A-R-E A-N I-N-S-P-I-R-A-T-I-O-N T-O U-S A-L-L!  I'm still getting the cheddar out of my beard. That was a fun day.    The great Willie captured in art. Deeply and dogly.  It was an honor to guest-host this month's "Only in Monroe." CBS has some big shoes to fill.    Had a blast interviewing   on "Only in Monroe." I've never met a better Bob Seger cover rapper.    Did my 20, you're up         (stretch first, Your Holiness)         Got challenged to do 20 push-ups by   or as they call it in Merry London, "Two Stone of Armsies"    Saw "Me and Earl + Dying Girl" (cut to: brief animation of heart w/ eyes + mouth w/ snorkel, crying- room fills w/ tears)  It's an historic day: My new same-sex marriage video is now legal in all 50 states!    Looking forward to Justice Scalia's dissenting opinion of this video.    My dog used to bring me the newspaper, but now he just forwards me links.  They're putting a woman on the $10 bill. And if they make it your grandma she won't even have to sign your birthday card.  WARNING: Q-tips should not be inserted into ears. My podcast is A-OK, though.    Rare, behind-the-scenes video of how I look out of makeup:    Rare, behind-the-scenes video of how I look out of makeup:    Peace and Love and Unity in the Holy City  The new Late Show will have so many surprises for you! For me, too. I tend to nod off during meetings.  My new luxury Trump video can be viewed in such glamorous cities as London, New York, Vegas, and Fort Wayne.    I want this tweet to go viral. So imagine a kitten getting hit in the nuts with a leaked photo of the iPhone 7.   I hate it when I get a song stuck in my head -- but it's better than getting it stuck in my liver.   They say if you want to get something done, give it to a busy person. Still,   hasn't even started cleaning out my basement.  Lots of details to work out on the new "Late Show", but as of now, I'm probably still involved!  Fun Fact! Techno music got its name because it is technocally music.  Did you know I have access to the CBS vault? I could watch these outtakes of Angela Lansbury dropping F-bombs all day    Got a new desk for my show. Can anyone meet me at Raymour and Flanigan to help me move it?  Will I understand "Jurassic World" if I didn't see "Triassic World?"  I can't wait for the next Mad Max movies: Bargaining Max, Depression Max, and finally, Acceptance Max.  I can't wait for the next Mad Max movies: Bargaining Max, Depression Max, and finally, Acceptance Max.  So glad that we got   to lead the band on my show. Much better than my original idea: a bunch of wind chimes and a fan.  Favorite pizza topping? Sometimes mushrooms, sometimes peppers. Favorite pizza bottoming? Always pizza.  Take it from me. Don't lend your high-waisted shorts to Taylor Swift and expect to get them back.  Another day, another dollar. I've really got to renegotiate my contract.  Buy something today. Then, when it breaks after the warranty ends in 90 days - cheer yourself up with The Late Show premiere Sept. 8.  Just read the comics for the first time in ages. Man, Dilbert does NOT like Mondays. And he looks more like a cat than I remember.  Does anyone know where we can buy one of those "100 Days Without A Workplace Accident" signs? Ours has a lot of dried blood on it.  If I've learned anything from watching soccer, this FIFA scandal will end in a disappointing tie.        Hope you're sitting down, because I've got some news that'll make you stand up.    Man, who'd have thought it'd be June already? Anyone with a calendar, I guess. I've got to start thinking these tweets through better.  Android Users: Please be patient, you'll have a version of Colbr soon. Actual Androids: This sentence is a lie.  I made you something else:    Hey, I made you something.             Scandal has forced the president of FIFA to resign. Next: the president of FOFUM!  If you know what you're doing, every axe can be a battle-axe.  Systematically curing all my phobias with immersion therapy. Does anyone have the number for a clown made of snakes?  If I was on a desert island and could only have one book, I'd choose "Atlas Shrugged." Because that's 1,088 pieces of toilet paper.  Working on topical monologues for The Late Show Premiere on Sept. 8 — Hope you guys are still into Left Shark.  I probably don't tweet as often as I should. But in my defense, you check Twitter way too often.  Such a great weekend -- went out to the beach and binge-watched the sunset.Ask   to give US icon Yogi Berra the Pres Medal of Freedom       here   At "Black Panthers: Vanguard of the Revolution" by Stanley Nelson -Montclair Film Festival. Hopeful &amp; tragic story beautifully told.  Just saw "Hello, My Name is Doris" at Montclair Film Festival. Crushingly fantastic.    